Updates README.md in the new app template (#735)
blitz-js/blitz: packages/generator/templates/app/README.md

[![Blitz.js](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/blitz-js/art/master/github-cover-photo.png)](https://blitzjs.com)

> This project was bootstraped by the [Blitz.js](https://github.com/blitz-js/blitz).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a [Blitz.js](https://github.com/blitz-js/blitz) app.
```

# __name__

## Getting Started

Run your app in the development mode.

```
blitz start
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

## Commands

> Blitz comes with a powerful CLI that is meant to help you on all sort of tasks, guiding you towards our best practices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Blitz comes with a powerful CLI that is designed to make development easy and fast. You can install it with `npm i -g blitz`
```

```
  blitz [COMMAND]

  build     Create a production build
  console   Run the Blitz console REPL
  db        Run database commands
  generate  Generate new files for your Blitz project
  help      display help for blitz

>   new       Create a new Blitz project

Reviewer: This isn't that relevant since the app is already created.
```suggestion
```

  start     Start a development server
  test      Run project tests
```

## What's included?

Here is the structure of your app.

```

> mysite

Reviewer: So this will show their actual folder name
```suggestion
__name__
```

- The `app/` directory is a container for most of your project. This is where you’ll put any pages or API routes.

- `db`/ is where your database configuration goes. If you’re writing models or checking migrations, this is where to go.

- `node_modules/` is where your “dependencies” are stored. This directory is updated by your package manager, so you don’t have to worry too much about it.

- `public/` is a directory where you will put any static assets. If you have images, files, or videos which you want to use in your app, this is where to put them.

- `utils/` is a good place to put any shared utility files which you might use across different sections of your app.

- `.babelrc.js`, `.env`, etc. ("dotfiles") are configuration files for various bits of JavaScript tooling.

- `blitz.config.js` is for advanced custom configuration of Blitz. It extends [`next.config.js`](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-reference/next.config.js/introduction).

- `package.json` contains information about your dependencies and devDependencies. If you’re using a tool like `npm` or `yarn`, you won’t have to worry about this much.

- `tsconfig.json` is our recommended setup for TypeScript.

> You can read more about it in the [File Structure](https://blitzjs.com/docs/file-structure) section of our documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can read more about it in the [File Structure](https://blitzjs.com/docs/file-structure) section of the documentation.
```

> You can read more about it on the [CLI Overview](https://blitzjs.com/docs/cli-overview) documentation.

Reviewer: This line should move up under the CLI commands.

## Learn more

> You can learn more about Blitz on the [Documentation](https://blitzjs.com/docs/getting-started) website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read the [Blitz.js Documentation](https://blitzjs.com/docs/getting-started) to learn more.
```

### The Blitz.js Manifesto

> Read our [Manifesto](https://blitzjs.com/docs/manifesto) to understand more about what Blitz is for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read the [Blitz Manifesto](https://blitzjs.com/docs/manifesto) to learn the Blitz foundational principles.
```

> ### Next.js
> Next.js is baked into Blitz and almost all features of [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) are supported. For more info on the differences see here: [Why use Blitz instead of Next.js](https://blitzjs.com/docs/why-blitz)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Blitz is built on Next.js. For more info on this see [Why use Blitz instead of Next.js](https://blitzjs.com/docs/why-blitz)
```

## Get in touch

The Blitz community is warm, safe, diverse, inclusive, and fun! Feel free to reach out to us in any of our communication channels.

* [Website](https://blitzjs.com/)
* [Slack](https://slack.blitzjs.com/)
* [Report an issue](https://github.com/blitz-js/blitz/issues/new/choose)

> * [GitHub discussions](https://github.com/blitz-js/blitz/discussions)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Forum discussions](https://github.com/blitz-js/blitz/discussions)
```

* [Sponsors and donations](https://github.com/blitz-js/blitz#sponsors-and-donations)
* [Contributiong Guide](https://blitzjs.com/docs/contributing)

> Join our [Slack Community](https://slack.blitzjs.com/) where we help each other build Blitz apps. It's also where we collaborate on building Blitz itself.
> 
> For questions and longer form discussions, post in our [forum](https://github.com/blitz-js/blitz/discussions).

Reviewer: These are already included in the list.
```suggestion
```
